Well, good evening, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
There is so much going on in this world right now.
It is absolutely amazing.
The increase of the birthing pains, political theater.
Remember what the Lord said.
2026 will be a year of political theater.
Great political theater will be across the land.
Not just in America, but across the world.
We are going to hear about a lot of political theater.
And boy are we ever hearing a lot of political theater.
I am going to go straight into the vision that I had last night because I believe it is going to take too long to explain a lot of what I believe the Lord showed us in prayer last night.
It was very hard to get in that river.
If you were here, I do not know if you are familiar with a lot of my other videos, but last night it was like I could only get my toes in and I was pushing as hard as I could, but even in worship, I was hitting a wall.
But as I was praying, the Lord was talking to me and he started telling me.
He said, Braden, is it still going?
It is okay.
I just wanted to make sure.
It glitched.
I thought our computer dropped this.
Sorry y'all.
Going over yesterday's vision and what the Lord showed us.
So what I saw was a lot.
It was like barely having your toes in.
But as I was pushing against this, I could feel the current of where we are in the economy and where we are with President Trump and what is going on now.
There are a lot of conspiracies going on right now about this being staged, the shooting and all that.
I am not going to get into all that.
I did not see it.
I did not see last week, yesterday, day before, whatever it was.
I did not see any of it.
The Lord did not warn me.
I feel like there is something funny.
When I am praying over it and praying over our country, I feel an icky feeling.
It does not feel like the warning that I received whenever it came to the ear or what I have received concerning Russia and Macron and things like that.
Praying over other nations when he travels afar.
This is major, major praying over him as he goes to foreign nations.
That is what I am praying over.
And the woman in the sequined dress, the blond-headed woman with the twist in her hair with a sequined dress on approaching him, coming out of an area, and he had a black tie event, praying over his goblets, his drinks, tea or whatever he is partaking of, praying over his liquid-based anything.
The Lord said, Pray over his drinks.
Praying over his health.
That is more on me praying over that than anything that I have seen in the news lately.
Everybody is talking about all this conspiracy and the ballroom and all that.
Could it be?
I do not know.
As I said, there are so many rumors and things out there.
You never know what is going on with any of it.
All I know is I stick with what the Spirit of the Lord is telling me to do and to pray and how he is telling me to pray, and I leave all that stuff so Braden can study it.
I do not have time for all that.
I have to keep close to him, listening to him, and there is too much distraction.
What I want to talk to you all about is the vision and what I saw.
I saw a massive needle syringe.
I saw a syringe that was not a normal doctor's visit, what you would go to the doctor and get a flu vaccination or something like that.
It was a massive horse syringe, like a massive something, maybe something for an elephant.
That is how big it was.
But as I was looking, the needle was really big.
So I knew this was a major injection coming.
And the Lord said, This is about the economy.
And I saw an injection coming for the economy.
But as I was looking into what was in the vaccination, this shot, it was green sludge.
It was green, moving liquid that was not thick.
It was a thin liquid like a vaccination liquid.
And it was moving, but it looked like acid, like an acid, a green bio-acid, some kind of something.
But as I was watching, President Trump was on a life raft.
And he was bouncing around in this life raft that was made out of a yellow kind of material that looked like caution, like you would see a caution, a yield or a caution sign.
I could see it had black stripes around it and he was sitting in the middle of the raft with two of those paddles.
His cheeks had red coloring, like a blush, like you are blushing, like you got humiliated on his cheeks.
It was very detailed, bright colors.
His suit was always pressed just like it always is.
He looked very nice.
He had his thing, but he looked cartoonish.
And as I was watching him paddling in this boat, rockets were shooting out at Cuba.
I saw rockets coming out of this and I saw Cuba in the horizon.
Cuba looked very toxic.
I saw the economy, and just like I have always told you, booming, but it was toxic.
People say, Well, Brandon, you said you have seen visions of everything getting better.
Everything is going to be okay for a season.
This is contradicting what you saw.
No, I said it lasts for a window.
I saw a stimulus.
I saw a wave that would be short-lived that brought gold all over the ground.
And as the gold was thin, the Lord said, Put it all in your pockets because it will not last long.
Figure out what you are supposed to do with it, listening to me.
The gold was thin.
The wave was shallow.
Do you remember I told you all this?
And through the wave I could see it.
It was transparent looking.
It was very transparent.
It was not like the deeper wave in the ocean, the Pacific Ocean where they ride the waves.
It is very dark blue.
But whenever you are on the shore of the Caribbean, the shallower the water, the more you can see through the wave.
So this wave that I saw in times past had crypto and investments and things like that and it was at a breaking point and the Lord said, Ride the wave for it will not last long.
And I saw the gold on the seashore after it crashed.
I saw people scooping it up and putting it in their pockets and putting it in buckets, whatever they could do to get a hold of this, but it was not enough to last a long time.
It was just surface, right?
So, what did we see last night?
All the visions go with each other.
They do not deviate from each other.
They are just a different lens, a different angle, a different picture, but all of them do not go against each other.
They all flow together.
What is amazing is what the Holy Spirit does, because every single thing is always a warning of what I told you when I saw his ear.
I saw a great 1929 style crash coming.
But as he humbled himself and started praying in the Oval Office, I saw a darkness upon the land.
And as Trump gave his heart over, he was weeping before the Lord.
He comes to a breaking point in the Oval Office.
I saw certain ministers praying in the Oval Office.
They were all pacing the floor, praying in tongues.
President Trump had an encounter.
There was something that happened.
I saw a plague coming.
You remember I have told you, worse than the Black Plague of death.
Worse.
It is a genetically modified, genetic AI disease that is created in a laboratory that they take part of COVID.
They take parts of things that they find in the genetic makeup of these old diseases and they splice them together and they make it where it is even more effective against people on diabetic medicine, heart medicine, all kinds of different things.
Who did it?
It was China.
I'm telling you, I saw them in a lab and they were creating this super thing that would not have a vaccine for it.
I said they will release it.
They said that last time they experimented, I saw bats.
The Lord said, 'This is rats,' and I saw them injecting rats and they released them in Europe.
The rats had red eyes and they released this, and as it was spreading through Europe, it started to fade the face of whoever was in that country.
It was kind of faded out, and as they started to spread the virus all throughout, it looked like red and the face faded away, like it was in Back to the Future whenever Marty McFly was trying to save his brothers and sisters and they faded away, and he was singing 'Johnny B.
Goode' up on the stage playing his guitar just like that.
But it was fading away.
As I was looking at the visions in the past and what the Lord was showing me with this one, President Trump was praying and I saw a major darkness, but it lifted above the trees barely because of the prayers.
In 2020, I saw all the visions that I have seen and the Lord said, 'I'm giving you more time.
' I saw four major oak trees.
They were all perfect, beautiful, huge oak trees.
A lady was telling the weather; she was in a red, white, and blue outfit and she was forecasting the weather.
All of a sudden, out of nowhere, it became very cold and all the leaves fell off the trees.
These are the visions that I've had in the past.
All of a sudden, I saw a 1929-style crash all across the trees and people looked dingy and dirty.
The first two trees were not too bad, but the last ones were really bad.
Then I saw a plug getting plugged into a 220.
An old amplifier 1950s microphone came up out of the plug and amplified the trees and they all started to glow as the plug plugged the trees in, and an amplified gospel came from the microphone.
Oral Roberts used to preach from one of them and I saw the trees begin to glow.
That was another vision.
That was a whole prayer time one night.
So, we're going back to the L.
A.
yesterday.
I'm trying to tell you my visions don't deviate from themselves.
They're all the same warning; they're all a different way you can look at it.
As I saw President Trump in this, I saw boats.
I saw the boats coming from China.
I saw trade wars.
I saw the boats beginning to rust.
I saw the boats beginning to disintegrate in the acid.
There was something wrong.
I saw crypto moving around inside of the acid.
I could see dollar signs all moving around in this acid.
Trump had cards in his hand.
He was playing poker.
But what I am ignorant about is what is a good hand, because I thought it wasn't a good hand that he had.
He was playing poker, but they were all of the same suit—all hearts—so he had a flush, which I found out through my wife after the video is over that that is a good hand.
I don't play poker, so I don't know what's good and what's bad.
I don't know anything about cards.
I'm looking at it and I'm thinking that's not good to have all hearts.
They're all red cards.
What's that mean?
It is symbolic for something.
He had red cards, all red suits in his hand, and they were all hearts and he was looking at them.
Putin—remember that one?
—had all diamonds, black cards, and he was looking at it and he said, 'I just have to wait you out and then your turn will be over.
I just have to wait for you to leave and I'm going to take all of Ukraine.
' He was playing poker, buying time because President Trump's term is only two and a half more years if we pray for him to stay in, because I saw the 25th Amendment, the 13th Amendment, and the First Amendment.
And with the lady that passed away, there was a big spider last night.
I saw a massive black widow again, but this time it had doubled, then tripled in size from what was wrapping the First Amendment.
I saw a black widow again last night, which is a bad spider.
Some people said, 'Well, that's representation of witchcraft.
' All I know is this spider was wrapping things again last night.
Okay.
So, what was on Trump?
He was holding a newspaper as he was floating in the acid and it had 0/0 and it said Income Tax Plan.
He was studying it, but the fine print was too small.
You couldn't read it all.
The print on the newspaper was very, very fine.
I mean, smaller than the print on this Brother Hagin book.
He was looking at a newspaper and he was looking at income tax.
There was something about incomes.
Then I saw him fumbling around with this paper looking at it as I saw the man that's taking over the Fed got really big eyes realizing that the economy was in trouble.
And I heard him say, 'We should already be calling a recession.
They should already be saying it's a recession.
' Now, I'm not a financial adviser and I don't know anything about a recession.
So, don't be going Brandon, he's saying—I'm telling you what I saw in the vision.
It could be off.
We're all human.
We can all miss it.
So, we give grace to people and I'm going to ask you to give me grace.
I'm just telling you what I saw.
And if it's flesh and you say, 'Braden, I feel like that's pizza,' then we put it on a shelf and we keep praying.
But I heard them talking.
I could see them with a long table and they were talking and I saw.
25.
Then I heard them saying, 'We must stimulate the economy or we are going to have a landslide blue victory come November.
' And I could hear them trying to strategize on how to stimulate the economy with this new guy that's coming, Jerome Powell.
How do we stimulate the economy so we have more of a red buffer instead of a blue wave?
How do we stop a blue wave from taking place in this nation?
And I saw an idea being thrown around of $2,500 per person or maybe $2,500 per household.
It's all coming quick.
But I saw anybody who made over 150,000 didn't receive it.
It was for people who had lower income.
I saw a stimulation coming being discussed.
Not saying it will happen; I saw it being discussed.
How do we stimulate the economy?
As I saw the housing market and the houses were melting in the green sludge.
Big tall skyscrapers were melting in the sludge.
And as they melted, they left a black oil slick all over the top of the sludge.
It was oil.
Some kind of substance, as they melted into the green, was all over this green and it was moving into the waves of it.
As it was moving, it became a black substance.
It looked like oil.
So I saw plans of how to stimulate the economy.
Now this is not financial advice.
Again, this is not financial advice.
This is a vision that I saw and it's all in my opinion.
I saw Michael Saylor and I saw two times his wealth.
I saw the Clarity Act negotiated.
I saw Michael Saylor double.
Now, that's just part of a vision.
I'm not going to add to or take away from anything of that.
I'm just telling you.
So, I'm very cautious with this because you have a lot of immature people that will just take things and run with it and not pray over it.
You must have yourself rooted in prayer and not be immature about what Michael Saylor—I don't even listen—Michael Saylor is an investment man.
So, that's why I thought it was interesting what Michael Saylor does with his money to double it.
I have no idea.
I don't know his portfolio.
All I know is he's an investment man.
But I saw 2X.
Then I saw Trump riding a donkey, and he had spurs on his feet and he was goading the side of that donkey and he had a hold of its ears.
That donkey was braying with its mouth all open as it was bucking and acting nuts while Trump was riding that donkey.
He was kicking its sides and he looked really heavy in this vision, which was interesting because that swayback donkey was bucking and bellowing.
Trump had a hold of its ears and was pulling tight.
It was actually kind of funny as I recall it.
What is Trump riding a donkey for?
Next, baseball.
I saw a baseball hit a glass ceiling.
It busted and it was stuck.
Half the baseball was in it, half the baseball was out, but it was split all around.
Then I saw Trump looking at a soccer ball that was cut in half, and there was a golden goose on it.
As this golden goose started to sparkle, it shot down veins all inside of different nations, and the soccer ball began to glow with lights and looked golden.
Trump was looking at it, very pleased.
All I could see was his face, and he had the golden goose in his eyes.
He was looking at it as it was spreading through half a soccer ball.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
There's nothing they can do to stop this.
Talking about the economy, there's nothing they can do to stop this.
The dollar's in the way for the digital age, the digital era.
Because we know what the Bible says, a beast system will rise and the dollar is not the beast system.
The dollar is the beginning of a means to an end.
We are almost 40 trillion dollars in the hole.
There are more people living off credit cards than we've ever seen before.
A major refinery blew up last night in Texas because lightning hit it.
That's kind of weird.
In April, Australia had one.
April 16th, Pakistan.
April 18th, Russia.
April 20th, India.
Another one in Texas.
April 20th, Romania.
April 22nd, Erbil, Iraq.
April 23rd, Russia again.
April 25th, Vietnam.
All our refineries worldwide are going up in flames.
Then we had a gas leak in Louisiana, but it didn't blow up.
Could that be a result of prayer?
I believe so.
We see these things blowing up worldwide, and it's just what the Lord warned us about in prayer.
If you are a frequent flyer with Brandon on this prayer channel, you know what the Lord has warned us about praying over Tuttle, Oklahoma, Texas, and Louisiana, specifically the Gulf refineries.
The Lord has warned us over and over again with very clear visions.
Pray over the pipelines.
We've been telling you for over two months since March, watch the pipelines, all these major refineries, and railroad cars.
Look, that one got struck by lightning in Springtown, Texas.
That might not be a big refinery; it looks like a housing complex.
I don't know what this is.
That's not a refinery.
We have those oil tankers here.
We're not trying to hype everything up; we're trying to show you what's really going on in the world.
We see in part, and what the Lord is warning us now is to pray for our president for wisdom.
We need to pray for him concerning what happened all of a sudden.
Everyone is focused on what's going on with this crazy guy in the ballroom and Kash Patel and all these other people, but what's going on with Iran?
What's happening with the mountain?
That's where we are tonight, praying for President Trump for wisdom leading this nation.
If he wants to stimulate the economy, let's ride the wave.
I see a major plan coming out in Venezuela.
They're going to say, 'drill, baby, drill.
' I saw major refineries coming up in Gaza and major oil in the Mediterranean.
Is it fair to blame Trump for the economy?
No, that's not fair.
Things have gone bad since COVID hit.
Remember 'two weeks to stop the spread'?
Everybody stay in your house and hide.
Then Governor Stitt said enough's enough, and we went back to church.
Remember Rodney Howard-Browne got thrown in jail because he said we're having church regardless.
I see another one coming, but this one's not something to play with.
COVID took a lot of lives, but this one will be COVID on steroids.
And if we don't start taking our authority now and praying now, people will be like, "We're not going to shut down because we remember what happened.
" But this time, it's something that's a trap and it will be something that will shake the nations.
I don't say all that to scare you; I say that to prepare you to pray so that you understand that we're in the end of the end.
Jesus Christ is coming and the greatest revival is right on our front doorstep.
And the enemy is going to try to do anything he can to stop it.
He's not going to say...
he's heard the prophetic words, everybody.
Do you understand?
The devil visits church more than you do.
For a lot of you, he's in there listening to what's going on because he's trying to hear, because he doesn't hear what's going on in the spirit realm from the Father.
The Lord's not talking to him; He's only talking to the prophetic voices.
And He does nothing in the earth unless He reveals it to the prophetic voices first.
That's what He said in His word.
So when I told you I saw cats that looked like humans and they had little glowing eyes and they were writing down everything prophetic voices were saying that were accurate—not these false prophets—but they were writing down things that they knew they're only going to get by hearing a prophetic voice speak it out of his mouth because the Lord will only reveal it to the prophetic voices first.
So they were listening for the echo.
What is He saying?
What's coming next?
A revival?
Oh, not on my watch.
How do we stop it?
So what did the Lord show us?
I saw Satan and a bunch of demons—these massive principalities—have a plan, and they were having a meeting and they were strategizing.
You know, Satan can't be everywhere at once; he's only in one place at a time.
And I saw him strategizing on how they can try to overthrow and derail the revival in the days ahead.
God has a bigger plan; Satan has a little plan.
And we know who's defeated—Satan is, by the blood of the Lamb.
But he still tries.
He still roars like a lion, but he doesn't have any teeth.
He is a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, the Bible says.
But I believe he doesn't have any teeth when it comes to me.
Why?
Because we've got the blood and I apply the blood.
This is just a representation, right?
I anoint my house and my family.
We take communion and we do this often in remembrance of Him.
What did He do for you?
That's the bottom line.
What did Jesus Christ do for you?
He made it where you can walk in victory over the devil.
But the only way you will know it is by knowing the Word of God.
You will know the truth and the truth will set you free.
That's the only thing that's going to set you free.
There is no Trump going to set you free.
There's no FBI going to set you free.
There's no super preacher that's going to set you free.
The only thing that's ever going to set you free is knowing who you are in Christ.
And for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And when you know for whom the Son has set free is free indeed, that's you; that's me.
I'm a believing believer that's not a doubter, and I'm an overcomer by the blood.
And that's why we do this.
We take it every day.
Smith Wigglesworth did.
I said, "Well, if Smith Wigglesworth did it and he raised the dead and did all that he did, well, I'm going to do it, too.
" How often is often?
Every day in my house, sometimes twice.
And reading the Bible—we leak out, so we keep...
Smith Wigglesworth would read his Bible every 15 to 30 minutes.
He would pull it out of his jacket pocket and he would remain full.
Even if it was just a couple of scriptures, we must remain full for the days ahead.
If you think you can believe God right now for a million dollars, you say, "Well, I'm believing for a million dollars," but you don't have faith to believe for five.
Start with one bite at a time.
I'm believing God for five dollars.
Believe for five dollars every day and watch it come to pass.
Sow the seed.
I'm believing God for a million already.
Well, it's going from glory to glory to glory to glory.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Start with where your faith is at.
Well, I'm at a million dollars.
Have you believed for five dollars yet?
We've got to be practical, and you sow your seed and you believe God for increase.
Whatever you put your hands to will prosper.
I believe in God-given miracles, ladies and gentlemen.
I believe with all my heart, but I saw a lot of charismatic flakiness, too.
And people always going out to the mailbox looking for their miracle, and they were always sitting on their blessed assurance doing nothing.
Go out and put your boat into motion and do something with your hands, and God will bless whatever you put your hands to.
But there's so many people with a welfare mentality thinking it's going to be given to them.
And I believe that good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give into our bosom.
But I've seen it over and over again that God puts it in your hand, and it's what's in your hand that He will give the increase.
But I've seen God give miracles.
I've seen miracles.
I lived in miracles with my mom and dad, and that happened when we were struggling and God provided that way, but it wasn't a way that we wanted to live all the time.
When you go and you put your boat into motion, go to the place called "there.
" That's where the provision was.
And there's so many people that get into weird charismatic flakiness.
And I'm not dogging the $58 seeds and all the other things that I've heard ministers use in the past.
Maybe it was anointed at that time and God used it.
Is it not the exception but the rule?
Whatever.
Like I said, I get tired of the charismatic flakiness, and there's a lot of it.
I have seen people get burnt and they walk away discouraged and they leave the church and they don't want anything to do with it because some preacher they think took their money, and they give up tithing, they give up giving.
And I'm telling you, that's the devil's greatest trick: to make you think that what you gave isn't working because you gave it into bad ground—some 30, some 60, and some 100-fold.
What's good ground?
Quit sowing into bad ground expecting a big harvest.
You're sowing into sand, bad ground, rocky ground, a lot of you, and you're going, "Why is this ground not producing?
" Well, a farmer has enough sense not to keep sowing there.
But the body of Christ seems to be kind of dumb—excuse it—and they keep sowing there going, "What's wrong with my seed?
" Check your soil.
Where are you sowing?
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
But there's a lot of stupid things that people do and they keep sowing into the rocks.
Sowing into the rocks and they go, "Well, is it going to produce this time?
" I'm like, "Well, no.
If it didn't produce for the last six months, it isn't going to produce now.
" Check where you're giving and be smart and strategic with your giving.
Don't give until the Holy Spirit tells you to give.
Don't give out of emotion.
Give being spirit-led.
For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God.
And He will lead you into where you're supposed to be giving.
Show me, Lord, where I'm getting fed.
But if you're not getting fed there, and then when you sow there and the cankerworm is eating it up, check where you're at.
But if you see fruit there and people are getting saved and getting blessed and delivered and healed, then you go, "Well, there's fruit there.
" So then you have to check your love walk, and people don't want to do that.
Well, how are you talking to your wife?
How are you talking to your husband?
Because faith works by love, and people don't want to hear that either.
Well, you've got strife in the house all the time, so you can't always blame it on the ground.
How are you treating one another?
Because faith works by love, and people don't want to hear that.
Do you know the Bible says that if you treat your wife like trash and you don't respect her, husbands, your prayers will be hindered?
Well, why are they going to be hindered?
Because you aren't treating your wife right.
You know how many times I go, 'Lord, forgive me,' or 'Diana, you know what?
I was snappy right there; forgive me, baby.
I shouldn't have done that.
I need my prayers to be heard.
' I take it literally.
I repent, Father.
I had a bad attitude right then; I don't want my prayers being hindered.
Find that scripture, baby, so they can see it with their own eyes.
'Husbands, honor your wives, or your prayers will be hindered.
' I'm not quoting it exactly right, but I know it's in there.
1 Peter 3:7.
Read 1 Peter 3:7; there's the scripture reference: 'Likewise, ye husbands, dwell with them with understanding, giving honor to your wife as the weaker vessel, and as being heirs together of the grace of life, that your prayers may not be hindered.
' So, you want to know why some of your prayers are being hindered?
How are you treating your wife?
That's hard, but a little sugar makes the medicine go down.
You need to know this.
Why are your prayers being hindered?
Check your love walk.
Check how you're treating your wife.
Check how you're walking in love.
Love never fails.
How are you doing this?
How are you doing that?
No, listen.
You focus on your love walk, and God will take care of the rest.
Wives, honor your husbands.
Proverbs 31—that whole chapter is all about a virtuous woman.
So ladies, be that.
Husbands, be a good husband to your wives.
There are all kinds of scripture references that you need for how you should be leading your family.
I don't know why I got off on all that, but I'm talking about the economy.
The world's economy is different than the spiritual economy.
We don't abide by the world's economy; we have God's economy.
And I believe in seedtime and harvest.
I believe in tithing.
I believe in giving.
One thing I can tell you, one of the major things I learned when I worked for Mark Crowe—I'll tell his name—he taught me how to tithe.
He taught me how to tithe, and I worked for him, and he would teach us how to tithe.
And you know what?
It changed my life forever.
Changed me forever.
Well, 'I don't believe in tithing.
' Well, then stay broke.
I know what the Bible says: 'Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over.
' So, wherever you're getting fed—your pastor, your church, wherever you're plugged in—test the ground.
Give; bless the kingdom of God.
Help them.
There are people believing for this end-time harvest, and it's not going to come just by giggles and bubblegum.
So, I try to help you all as much as I can with the little things because people are freaking out over what I've seen, but I refuse to participate in the world's economic system of debt and the downfall of it.
Why?
Because I live in a heavenly system.
And I believe the righteous were never forsaken, nor their seed begging bread.
If He takes care of the lily of the field, He'll take care of the sparrow of the air.
He'll take care of Brandon Biggs and his family; how much more are you than them?
If Jesus said, 'Seek ye first the kingdom, and all these things will be added unto you.
' The more you seek Him—if you seek His face—you can have what's in His hand.
But there are so many people always looking for a lucky 777 lottery winner or whatever the next big fad is—network marketing versus whatever.
And I'm not knocking network marketing, but it was always pushed around people: 'Sell this, sell this.
' Amway and Young Living and this and that, and everybody's selling everything.
In the body of Christ, network marketing is everything.
We had this group over there...
I remember it.
You go into a mega-church like I was at; you had every hall down there.
We had rooms full of people always talking about network marketing.
'Don't you want to sell this?
Well, we got this MaxGXL...
' I mean, there are so many things people are trying to push.
'We'll put the man of God at the head of the pyramid so this whole thing will be blessed, and we'll all sow into this and it'll bless the church.
' And then, boom!
And then one thing happened—it was a gas card thing—and everybody was busted by the FBI and they went to prison.
I believe that was a hoax or something; there are all kinds of things that people had going on over the years.
And you look at it and go, 'I don't know.
' Just my thinking.
God help us all get wisdom.
In all that you do, get wisdom and get some common sense and meditate on His word, and it will change you from the inside out.
He's never failed you.
He will always take care of you.
But you have to be listening to that still, small voice inside of you and not listen to all the prophetic nonsense on the internet.
Listen to the still, small voice on the inside of you.
Get in this word, and it will change you from the inside out.
There's no microwave to it.
Quit trying to be lazy.
You either do it or you don't.
But there are no spiritual shortcuts.
Do you understand?
There are no spiritual shortcuts, ladies and gentlemen.
It's called a slow cooker.
'Seek Me daily and you will find Me.
Knock and the door will be opened unto you.
' Do you understand?
It's not a 777 lottery number and a microwave.
It doesn't come that way.
It comes by refining.
And refining fire is what changes you.
That is the sufferings for the greater glory.
But people don't want that.
They say, 'Well, I want a double portion of your anointing.
' You know how many people have asked me for that?
'Now, Brandon, lay hands on me so I can have a double portion.
I need impartation.
' You know what it's called?
Knee time.
That's impartation: knee time.
Spend time with Him.
There are no shortcuts.
'I want to go to the front of the line.
' Well, so did I twenty-five years ago.
But when you go through the valley, you learn to thirst.
All right, let's go.
That's enough.
Oh, Lord, help me.
Father, I thank You for the body.
Who wants to take communion and pray now?
But I felt it in my heart to say it.
You must know the truth.
And Jesus wants you to be successful in every area of your life.
He loves you from Scripture.
Look.
Here you go.
You can just read it.
And if you want to show it, you can.
Now, I want you to see the Sooner.
We had Japan sign the deal.
And now look who's here: South Korea.
Japan, South Korea.
Remember I told you?
Sooners.
The Sooners.
Now look what they say right here.
Now look at their flag.
You see it?
The Sooners.
Boomer Schooner wagon.
Remember the Lord said, 'Watch South Korea.
Watch Japan.
' It's happening just like He said.
That's neat, Braden.
You should have told me that earlier.
We could have done a dance together.
Wow.
I didn't know until now—until you were doing that—and I started looking.
I started waking up.
I started getting all the stuff from Braden.
Oh, Jesus, He's so wonderful.
The Sooners, huh?
Yeah.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Accuracy is important, and I don't want to be flaky spiritually.
Leading all these people like the Lord let us do, we don't want to be flaky.
And we can miss it.
But isn't it nice to see it happening?
Oh, what a plan.
Like Sister Billye always says, 'Oh, what a plan!
Oh, what a plan!
Oh, what a planner, Brandon!
Oh, what a planner!
' Father, we just thank You for it.
It is all over Las Vegas.
What?
Yeah, and it's right.
Probably nothing though, right?
Not financial advice here.
Just showing you the news.
When you pray for something as much as I pray for some things, when you see it in the news, it blesses me.
I spend hours praying over things the Lord gives me, and you see fruit of your prayers.
You see it all over the buildings.
What's that at?
$140.
That's interesting.
It doesn't matter.
All right.
Let's take communion.
Do you have anything else?
No, go ahead.
Oh, you need to see this now.
This is important.
Okay, and then we'll go to pray.
This is about the drought the Lord warned us about.
The worst snowpack in how many years in Colorado?
Now listen to this man talk about the snowpack in Denver.
This is the Antero Reservoir in Colorado.
In a few weeks, all of this will be empty.
Denver Water is draining it, not because something's wrong with the reservoir, but because of the drought, and that means millions of fish could die as well.
Antero has the highest evaporation rate of any reservoir for Denver Water.
Part of that is because it's so shallow.
But this year's Colorado snowpack was one of the worst in recorded history, and Denver Water needs more water.
They need to conserve everything that they can.
So they're moving the water from here to Cheesman Reservoir where water evaporates slower.
It'll save enough water for about 15,000 households to have enough water for a year.
But before that can happen, Colorado Parks and Wildlife is asking as many people as possible to come fish here before the water is gone.
No bag limits on any species through May 13th.
All of these fish are going to die.
Everything—I mean, even the fish that everybody keeps, they're going to die.
Whatever people don't come and take, the fish are going to be in the bottom of the lake.
They're going to be bone-dry skeletons by next year.
Travis Sawyer is a fishing guide here.
He says he's running free trips for people so that they can enjoy the water while it's still here.
This is one of his favorite places to fish, and he says that people from all over the world fly here for the fish.
He said, 'We're draining this lake bone dry.
' So anything that people don't take is going to be killed.
The last time that Antero was drained was 2015 for a dam rehabilitation project.
Before that, it was 2002, also a drought year.
It took several years for the fish to become healthy again here after that.
We've had bad droughts before, but nothing like this one.
I'm Mark.
I cover Colorado.
Follow for more stories like this one.
So, all those fish—if you like fish and you live in Colorado, that might be a fun day.
I love fishing.
And I tell you what, that would be a fun day for me.
I'd put all those things in an ice chest and freeze them.
There's nothing better than trout to me.
In fact, my slobber comes just thinking about it.
I've been eating protein shakes and little bits of chicken.
Oh, good Lord, I'm trying to get this weight down as fast as I can.
But I walked five miles yesterday.
I was really excited about it.
I told Diana my face felt like charcoal.
But five miles in a day is pretty good for Brandon Biggs.
All right.
Look what Jesus is doing.
In Russia, Putin is scheming.
Father, we just thank you for the body as we come before you boldly into your throne.
Father, if you want to show us things about that which is to come, we're here.
We're always here just to stay by your feet and say, 'God, we love you.
' We want to hear everything.
I'll sit in your lap and just listen to your heartbeat and your breath.
Every breath that proceeds out of you, Father, I want to be close to you.
Father, I thank you that we hear you and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We lift up this body, God, and we're so thankful for your son, Jesus.
Thank you, Father, that he suffered and died for every single one of us, that we walk in victory.
Thank you, Lord, that we go from glory to glory.
I thank you, Lord, that we are healed and whole and well.
We don't have to have sickness and disease in our bodies anymore because by your stripes, we're healed.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for what you did for us.
Amen.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us and we thank you, Father, that it never loses its power.
It covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We rebuke the devil in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Over our children, our wives, and our finances.
Father, open the eyes of our heart.
I want to see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy.
I want to see you.
Lord, there are so many people here tonight that are thirsty.
We lift up our cup before you and say, 'Fill it.
' Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed us till we want no more.
Fill our cup, fill it up, and make us whole.
If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
Fill the cups of those here tonight.
They're so thirsty, Holy Spirit.
Do what you do best.
We're wall-to-wall, Holy Ghost, and we yield to that tonight.
We yield to you.
Become so real.
The tangible, weighty presence of the Lord that changes you from the inside out.
Do what you do best, oh God.
Fill the cup.
Life pulls it, making us dry.
Life's hardships and circumstances make us dry.
We leak out.
But don't just fill it; make it overflow so everybody else can taste and see that the Lord is so good.
It's the goodness of God that brings men to repentance.
When they see us, they see Jesus in us.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
We love you.
Oh, how we love you.
I'll have no other, for I love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
I love you.
Oh, how I love you.
Here in your arms, I'll always be at rest in your precious love you have for me.
We worship you.
We're so grateful.
We take the care out of our prayers.
The cares of this life try to choke out everything: cares for finances, health, marriages, our kids, work, where we live, and where we go to church.
There are so many cares.
The cares try to choke out everything, but we cast our cares upon you tonight.
We give it to you.
We don't need to carry it anyway.
We cast our cares on you, for you care for us.
We're so grateful for all that you've done, all you've provided, all you've done for our health, for our bodies, for everything.
Even when we don't see the full manifestation of what we've been believing for yet, God, you are still so faithful to us.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says.
And we're fully persuaded that what God, you have promised, you are able also to perform.
And we take the care out of our prayer.
But with thanksgiving, we let our requests be made known unto you.
Thank you, Father.
There were stipulations before it: with thanksgiving.
We thank him first.
We praise him first, for he knows what we have need of before we even ask.
We thank him first with thanksgiving.
We take the care out of our prayer, but with thanksgiving.
Thank you, Lord.
A thankful heart moves the Father.
It is giving a grateful attitude.
Thank you for even the things we don't see manifested yet in our lives.
We're so grateful for what we do have.
We're so thankful for where we are.
And we're so grateful that we're not where we were.
For we're going from glory to glory.
Lord, we're so grateful, Father, that you would visit us, that you call us your own.
You adopted us and you accepted us into your house.
And you said, "I make you my own joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
" Thank you, Father.
As he is, so are we in this world.
Greater works will we do because he goes unto the Father.
He sent us a Comforter, the Holy Spirit.
He dwells on the inside of us.
When Christ sat down, we sat down with him.
Thank you, Father.
The same Holy Spirit that raised Jesus Christ from the dead dwells on the inside of me.
He dwells on the inside of me richly by faith.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Can these bones live—the dry bones upon this earth?
Can these bones live?
They can, and they will, and they do.
We speak to the dry bones in the church.
We speak to the dry bones behind the pulpit.
All these dry bones behind the pulpit, we say you will live.
Be refreshed with the living water stirred from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
Oh Father, we glorify your name in all the earth.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
I see the glory.
I see it on the people.
And many of you are walking in the greatest fountain of glory on you.
The glow as you come up higher with him every day.
As you come up higher with him every day, a greater manifestation of the glory will come on you each day.
There's so many distractions he's talking about—distractions pulling you out of that river.
You'll have to draw a line concerning the things that are important to you: coming up higher with him each day.
For what's coming, do you understand?
He said, "For what's coming.
" You have a short little time right here to get your heart ready.
It's all hands on deck.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And I have great things for you to do, and the greatest manifestations will flow through you, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And there will be nothing holding you back from what you've tried to achieve.
The greater works will flow through your hands and the demonstrations and the manifestations.
I've seen it.
There will be nothing holding you back.
You have barriers.
I see these barriers in people's lives.
It's barrier-breaking anointing time.
What was a generational curse that held so many back is broken.
And I see an acceleration.
It's almost like you jump through those hurdles and you'll go from glory to glory.
And such an acceleration will happen around you.
You'll look back within a year and say, "I don't even recognize myself because of what's happened in the transformation inside of me.
" I have to do a quick work through you.
What would take decades in the past will be a quick work, and what would take 10 years will only take one year.
Quick cultivation as you stay with me.
An acceleration of seed, harvest, planting, and reaping.
It won't be seed-time harvest.
Plant, reap.
The sowers and the reapers are going to go hand in hand.
And they'll be reaping as you're sowing because of an acceleration across the land.
As you learn to walk in your authority, as you learn to walk in step with me, staying in sync with me.
Don't get out ahead of me and don't stay behind me.
Stay in sync with me, and you will grow.
Your taproot will grow.
Many will see the growth.
It's time for you to grow.
Doubt has held you back and made you walk in lack.
But it's time for you to get a tap root deep down and grow.
Days of heaven on earth.
Days of fun have just begun.
That's what he said again.
I hear him say, "Days of fun have just begun.
" Walking in authority.
Walking in the light.
Greater works will you do.
Believe me for big things each day.
Believe me for more each day.
Stretch your capacity and enlarge your tent to believe me for more each day, and I'll bring it to you.
Harvest time is a fun time.
Harvest time is hard work, but harvest time's a fun time.
For it's the sowing and the patience.
It's time for harvest time.
For the seeds from the past will come to harvest at last.
Stretch forth and believe me for more, for I have greater days in store for the believer.
As you walk in your authority, it's not you, it's me.
It's you yielded to me, going vertical.
It's you yielded to me walking in the authority.
And those things that held you back in the past, those roots—He's uprooting them.
I see spiritual roots.
This is uprooting these fruits from the roots.
Some of you are dealing with pornography.
I see this, and the Lord is uprooting this root.
It's a root of lust and there are demonic spirits attached to this.
Some of you have alcohol problems and you're drinking all the time.
It's casual drinking, how it started, and He's uprooting this fruit and I see it.
Alcohol on this, and He's taking this taproot out of your life.
Some of you are looking at other women like you shouldn't be.
I see they're taking this out of your life, exposing the sin, embarrassing sin before it embarrasses you.
It's the same with women vice versa.
The Lord's bringing stronger marriages, stronger relationships, and drug addictions and strongholds of addictions are being broken off of you without spot or wrinkle.
He's going to clean you up today.
Some of you have been called into ministry and you've not done exactly what He's asked you to do.
You've not been willing and obedient.
I see churches that are massive churches for this end-time harvest, but you said no.
He's about to ask the next person, 'Will you do this?
' We're running out of time.
He's tugging at your heart.
Will you do this?
And you've said no.
I see Him tugging at the heart.
This church I see is in South America, too.
I see a sea of Spanish people.
They are dark-skinned with dark hair and a dark mustache on this one man.
I see him up there, and the Lord wants to use these people for His glory.
Great churches will be birthed and it seems like they will accelerate out of nowhere because of the miracles and the glory that's going to start coming up in Africa.
I see churches being birthed in Africa; they are harvest churches.
This is the same with Ireland, Braden.
Again, harvest churches, Braden.
These are harvest churches.
The harvest is plentiful.
I see you start the church and I see these laypeople coming up beside you, helping you.
There's like five.
They'll come and add their supply.
'I'll help you.
' I see this.
One's in Tennessee.
Tennessee is highlighted right there.
It's toward the Memphis area.
No, there's one in Nashville.
I see Nashville.
That's interesting.
Why Tennessee, Lord?
It'll be a satellite church.
There'll be satellite churches off the one church.
That's why you see one in Memphis.
There's going to be satellite churches and the gospel is going to spread there.
The Lord, I see.
And again, I'm just telling you what I see when I pray.
I'm looking at John Kilpatrick again, and I don't know why the Lord has me praying so much for this man, but I see him again.
The Lord wanted to do something with him more.
I did it before and I want to do it again.
You're starting to see this fresh vision.
It's like you're just tiptoeing in this.
I see it in the service.
It's just starting to touch your feet.
Your feet are just getting wet with what God is about to do.
You're starting to experience it at home.
I hear you're starting to experience something different going on here.
There's the blade, then the ear, then it's coming up.
I see the blade coming up.
Yours is just now that fresh water that was there from the past is starting to bubble.
The ground is beginning to bubble.
You feel the well of revival stirring up.
I hear it, and you don't know what to do with it.
The Lord's going to renew your youth.
There are young people around you.
Young people are going to help run with this.
They have young legs.
The Lord said they're going to help run.
Be patient with the young ones.
We all don't have it all right yet, but I see the veins glowing with fire.
I see green veins glowing with fire and it looks like electricity going through those veins.
There are some things that are going to be corrected over here.
I see some things being corrected.
Some might have to go.
It's correction here.
The Lord said, 'Don't touch any more of that.
' But the Lord will bring better.
The Lord will bring better capacity, I see.
The Lord will bring the better harvest mentality inside.
You'll know what that is today.
So proof He's adding the puzzle pieces.
If one doesn't fit in the puzzle, you bring the right puzzle piece.
I see it.
And the Lord said He's adding His supply.
Hallelujah, amen.
And the money will be there to get it done.
That's the Lord.
The money will be there.
I see supernatural things coming concerning that, and it will be effortless, sweatless, for the seeds you have sowed in the past are going to manifest in a great harvest at last.
They were being preserved.
The seeds you had sowed, you say, 'Well, I've never seen the full manifestation of this,' but they were preserved.
They were being held because it wasn't time yet.
But I see a manifestation of some of the fruit you have sowed.
So He's correcting what I said about being on stony ground.
Even some of the seeds that you didn't even sow, there will be—Braden, look at the scripture.
He said there'll be vineyards that you did not plant, fields you did not sow.
Sweatless victories.
Houses full of good things which you did not fill, out of wells which you did not dig, vineyards and olive trees which you did not plant when you have eaten and are full.
Deuteronomy 6.
Houses full of good things which you did not fill.
Effortless victories.
Deuteronomy 6.
Which you did not fill, hewn out of wells which you did not dig, vineyards and olive trees which you did not plant, and you eat and are full and satisfied.
That's where He's at.
There'll be many of you that are walking in that right there.
Deuteronomy 6.
Good job, son.
You found it, so I can read the rest.
It's time to believe Him for what seemed to be impossible.
I see churches that have a double-decker.
They have a balcony at full capacity.
Everything's full that you did not build.
Believe Him for theaters.
Believe Him for things.
It will surely come.
Hallelujah.
That's a good scripture, isn't it, son?
I like that one.
Houses filled with all kinds of good things you did not provide, wells you did not dig, and vineyards and olive groves you did not plant.
Then when you eat and are satisfied.
Hallelujah.
I love that, Lord.
That's a good one.
It's time to believe for what would seem impossible.
God's going to turn it around and make it possible.
All things are possible to him who believes.
It's time to believe Him for the unexpected.
I'm expecting.
Have expectation tonight.
The weight of His glory and the weightiness of His presence will be on the services.
It's just like fire, just like fire shut up in my bones.
I hear the Lord say that some of you will have creative ideas.
I see a man with a pitcher in his hand and you'll pour out prayer.
You'll be an end-time funder that God's raising up in these last days.
There's a birthing of end-time funders.
You'll fund the gospel; you'll fund it.
Hallelujah, we got the victory.
Expect change.
That's what He just said.
Expect change from this day forward.
The Lord said, 'Expect change in it.
' Laugh at it; you've got to change.
Here in droves, there'll be multitudes coming.
Be patient with the babies.
The Lord says, 'Be patient with My babies.
' Now, Lord, we just pray over President Trump.
We pray over his decisions that he makes over the next couple of days.
Father, I thank You that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We put a hedge around him; his mind is not a reprobate mind.
He's led by the Spirit of God.
I thank You, Lord, that there are angels watching around him right now in the name of Jesus, that a thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
Father, I pray a hedge around our president right now.
From the north, south, east, and west, there are angels around him, Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka.
We call protection over his children.
I thank You even over Jared that he'd be radically born again.
Father, save Elon Musk.
Pull him right out of the pit of hell.
Let Elon Musk be born again and have a supernatural conversion to the Lord Jesus Christ.
We call him out of hell and into the kingdom of God.
He'll have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and be radically filled with the Spirit in these last days.
We cover him in the name of Jesus.
I thank You that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous, but God, I thank You that Elon Musk is born again and spirit-filled.
We call him saved and radically filled with the Holy Ghost in Jesus' name.
We thank You for JD Vance, his children, and his wife Usha.
I thank You that she'd get radically born again and filled with the Holy Ghost.
I thank You that she has a healthy delivery; her baby is okay.
Over White House Secretary Karoline Leavitt, we thank You, Lord.
The baby is healthy.
No weapon formed against her will prosper.
Thank You for President Trump and JD Vance.
They're always in the right place at the right time.
Father, I thank You that they will submit and hear Your voice.
We pray for our nation.
We thank You for Homeland Security, FBI, CIA, and the NSA.
Give them wisdom.
We pray for our oil wells, gas wells, pipelines, and our electric grid.
The angels of the Lord are watching over us and will point us in the right direction.
We entertain angels unaware.
I believe Your hand is on our nation.
We will remain a sheep nation.
Father, we bless Israel and pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We stand and pray with them in Jesus' name.
If Benjamin's had his time, Father, You'll put in a better leader.
I believe the heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
We bless the land and the people of Israel.
Lord, we pray over Melania and their marriage.
We thank You that she has great discernment.
Stir in her that she would have a great relationship with You.
I'm not done praying over Trump; I see another vein here.
Can y'all stick with me just about 30 more minutes?
I know I talked at the beginning a little bit, but there's some more stuff.
If you just pray with me a little bit longer, there are things that are dark around Trump's mind.
There's something trying to attack him; it's the Antichrist stuff.
You have to help me pray for this.
I see that Antichrist—there's a black cloud around his head right now in the spirit, and we have to pray for him.
I've told you concerning Russia and Iran when they met.
I see a storm brewing.
Something has shifted; everything is at an accelerated pace.
The Beast system is going to roll out so quickly now.
The foundation of this is going to come at a lightning pace across this great nation.
With this acceleration, in this valley of darkness, the light of the glorious gospel will come forth.
You're going to see an acceleration through this summer: May, June, July, and August.
When we get to Rosh Hashanah—around September 11th—that time frame is key.
The Lord has been patient and has been watching the nation.
I see negotiations for a two-state solution.
I see MBS and Jared.
The focus will be more and more on a peace agreement and the acceleration of peace.
I see talk of the third temple.
I see the seven years.
Negotiating at the beginning of this peace agreement will begin the seven years.
When they call 'peace and safety,' as in Ezekiel 38 and 39, it's that seven-year time frame.
I see MBS again.
We are so close to Jesus's return.
Pray over these next few months: May, June, July, August, and September.
It's a five-month window—or rather, four months and two weeks leading up to September 11th.
I see so much drought in such a hot summer.
We need to pray for rain.
I see barren fields across this nation that have been tilled but not planted.
This drought is a representation.
We call for rain in Jesus' name.
From the evening of September 11th, 2026, through Sunday, September 13th, 2026, I see an acceleration of things.
We must pray for Trump, for the softness of his heart, and that he remains in Your hand, Lord.
We pray for protection around our government officials.
Thank you, Lord, for President Trump and his family.
I believe they will stimulate the economy, and we will ride the wave.
He will make great decisions to stimulate the economy.
You don't realize how close the Tribulation is; it's rice paper thin.
The end is rice paper thin.
The storm that I see is so rice paper thin.
If you truly realized how close the coming of the Lord is, it's not 'church as usual' anymore; it's 'church unusual.
' From April 1st, the birthing pains are accelerating.
Jesus is coming.
In this next cycle, He has weighed you in the balance and found you lacking.
I see the scales.
A great shaking to awaken the bride and bring her to His side.
Shaking to awaken.
He said, 'Brandon, the remnant is awake.
' I see so many who are sleeping.
It's like a massive lake of molasses or tar where people are bobbing up and down.
We cry for the harvest of those who are lost.
There will be a day when you experience your last holidays—the last Christmas, the last Fourth of July, the last Memorial Day, Easter, and Thanksgiving.
There will be a season when you say, 'That was the last one.
' Jesus is coming.
Brandon, there are moments like this where I don't want to leave because I can see the Tribulation and the next seven years so clearly.
I see the peace agreement, Ezekiel 38 and 39, and the temple being built.
It's so real I can touch it.
I can see who the next president is.
We must pray for Trump to make it full term, for his health, and for his decisions.
Everything you know is about to change within a 24-hour period.
Do you remember how September 11, 2001, changed everything so quickly?
Air travel and homeland security changed; everything changed from that time forward.
Everything is about to change again in a 24-hour period.
It's an event that will be marked in history books; it changes the way you see life.
Just as life changed after World War II and the Vietnam War, we have entered a point of no return since the UN meeting on September 23rd of last year.
When we reach September 11th of this year, things will accelerate within that one-year window.
Praise the Lord.
I pray this blessed you tonight and that you feel refreshed.
God bless you abundantly.
Thank you for praying with me.
Many hands make light work.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of His wonderful love.
Thank you for joining me.
Remember, we love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again tomorrow night.